***Console.log***
What's the difference between an expereinced JS programmer and a rookie? The experienced one uses `console.log` 10-100 times more
When you use `console.log` for debugging, don't concatenate things but proivde them as separate arguments.

***Protip: VS Code Snippets***
With VS, it's easy to create `snippets` shortcuts for quickly generating commonly re-used portions of code.

***JS Arrays***
Functional programming in JS is very helpful, it reduces bugs and reduces your code

***Rendering Collections***
You can render an array in React using `map`

```js
const App = (props) => {
  const { notes } = props

  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Notes</h1>
      <ul>
        {notes.map(note =>
          <li>
            {note.content}
          </li>
        )}
      </ul>
    </div>
  )
}
```

***Key-attribute***
With the above code, the console will complain as each item in a list must have a unique key.

React usesthe key attributes of objects in an array to determine how to update the view generated by a component when the component is re-rendered.

The code above becomes
```js
const App = (props) => {
  const { notes } = props

  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Notes</h1>
      <ul>
        {notes.map(note =>
          <li key={note.id}>
            {note.content}
          </li>
        )}
      </ul>
    </div>
  )
}
```

***Map***
`map` always creates a new array, the elements of which have been created from the elements of the original array by mapping. Using the function given as a parameter to the `map` method.

***Anti-pattern: Array Indexes as Keys***
The indexes can be retrieved by passing a second parameter to teh callback function of the `map` method.

***Refactoring modules***
In smaller applications, components are usually placed in a directory called components, which is in turn placed within the src directory.
The convention is to name the file after the component

To refactor the code above into modules, we create a file called `Note.js` for the Note component and the file would contain.
The file would be inside of a `components` directory in the `src` directory.

```js
import React from 'react';

const Note = ({ note }) => {
  return (
    <li>{note.content}</li>
  )
};

export default Note;
```

Then the `App.js` file would need to impor tthe module like below

```js
import Note from './components/Note'

const App = ( { notes }) => {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Notes</h1>
      <ul>
        {notes.map(note =>
          <Note key= {note.id} note={note}/>
        )}
      </ul>
    </div>
  )
}

export default App;
```